chore: more info about fleet teams (#295)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-enterprise-application: README.md

The fleet-scope pipeline manages configuration and resources related to [GKE Fleets](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/fleets-overview). This stage manages the creation of namespaces in the GKE clusters via [team scopes and fleet namespaces](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/fleet-management/docs/team-management#fleet_team_management_overview). This pipeline also enables the [Config Sync](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/config-sync-overview) and [Service Mesh](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs) features for the fleet and thus the member clusters.

> Fleet team management features make it easier for platform admins to provision and manage the necessary infrastructure resources that application and service teams might need to run their workloads, with the appropriate access control. Each team acts as a separate "tenant" on your fleet. In this repository, for demostration purposes, the `ADMIN` permission is assigned on the fleet scope for each Group/Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fleet team management](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/fleet-management/docs/team-management-overview) make it easier for platform admins to provision and manage the necessary infrastructure resources that application and service teams might need to run their workloads, with the appropriate access control. Each team acts as a separate "tenant" on your fleet. In this repository, for demonstration purposes, the `ADMIN` permission is assigned on the fleet scope for each Group/Namespace.
```
